Implement a truncate stage for loki.process (#4587)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/loki/loki.process.md

If you provide a `suffix`, the limit is reduced by the length of the `suffix`, and the `suffix` is appended to the truncated field.

Whenever a line, label value, or structured_metadata value is truncated, the metric `loki_process_truncated_fields_total` is incremented.
The `field` label will either be `line`, `label`, or `structured_metadata`.

If anything has been truncated, the extracted map for the entry contains a `"truncated"` field with a comma delimited list of field types that have been truncated.

#### Example

```alloy
loki.process "default" {
  forward_to = [loki.write.default.receiver]
  stage.truncate {
    entry_limit = "12B"
    label_limit = "8B"
    suffix = "..."
  }
}
```

Given the following input entry, the stage truncates the entry `"I'm a log message!"` into `"I'm a log..."`, and the value of the `"label2"` label `"hello world"` into `"hello..."`.
As there is no `structured_metadata_limit` configured, the structured metadata isn't evaluated for truncation.

```text
entry: "I'm a log message!"
labels: { "label1": "hi", "label2": "hello world" }
structured_metadata: { "metadata1": "here is some metadata", "metadata2": "and here is some more"}
```

> The extracted map for the entry contain the `"truncated"` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extracted map for the entry contains the `"truncated"` field.
```

| `line_limit`                | `string` | Maximum length of a log line before truncating.                  | `""`    | no       |
| `label_limit`               | `string` | Maximum length of a label value before truncating.               | `""`    | no       |
| `structured_metadata_limit` | `string` | Maximum length of a structured metadata value before truncating. | `""`    | no       |
| `suffix`                    | `string` | Suffix to append to truncate fields.                             | ``      | no       |

A `truncate` stage must have at least one `limit` field configured.
Each of the `limit` fields should be expressed in logical units (e.g. `"1KiB"`)
The stage will check the length of the log line, label values, or structured metadata values against the configured limit and truncate if it exceeds the limit
If a `suffix` is provided, the limit will be reduced by the length of the `suffix`, and the `suffix` will be appended to the truncated field.

Whenever a line, label value, or structured_metadata value is truncated, the metric `loki_process_truncated_fields_total` is incremented.
The `field` label will either be `line`, `label`, or `structured_metadata`.

> If anything has been truncated, the extracted fields for the entry will now contain a `"truncated"` field containing a comma delimited list of field types that have been truncated.

Author: Looks like we use "extracted map" elsewhere rather than "extracted fields", will change it and use contains.

The following block is supported inside the definition of `stage.truncate`:

| Block              | Description                   | Required |
| ------------------ | ----------------------------- | -------- |
| [`rule`][rule]     | Defines a truncation rule.    | yes      |

[rule]: #rule

#### `rule`

Defines a truncation rule that will apply to the log line, labels, structured_metadata, or extracted map.

The following arguments are supported:

| Name          | Type     | Description                                                  | Default  | Required |
|---------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|
| `limit`       | `string` | Maximum length before truncating.                            | `""`     | yes      |
| `source`      | `string` | Source of the data to truncate. If empty, will truncate all. | `""`     | no       |
| `source_type` | `string` | Source location of the data to truncate.                     | `"line"` | no       |
| `suffix`      | `string` | Suffix to append to truncated values.                        | ``       | no       |

> The `limit` attribute should be expressed in logical units, for example `"1KiB"`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `limit` attribute should be expressed in data size units, for example `"1KiB"`.
```

> The stage checks the length of the log line, label values, or structured metadata values against the configured limit and truncates if it exceeds the limit.

Reviewer 2: len(s) will return the size in bytes, not the number of characters... and some characters will take multiple bytes. So this is accurate, but I thought maybe we mention somewhat that this is length of encoded bytes we are talking about here.
